readme.md, before:

# My Mern Stack Projects

This repository contains projects that i created during MERN Stack web development Course. Each project is hosted on Netlify for easy access , Explanation and what i learned from it.

## Projects Overview

### Task 20

**Link:** [Task 20](https://task20-by-shreyas.netlify.app)

Task 20 demonstrates the implementation of React+vite To Created Cart Page Component where you can add product to cart page select quantity and also see total cart peice:

- What i learned :
- Setting up a React+vite environment
- Creating and managing useState and UseEffect hooks
- Handling events and user inputs
- Basic styling with Tailwind CSS

### Task 21

**Link:** [Task 21](https://task21-by-shreyas.netlify.app)

Task 21 created a react+vite website and there i created component name card to show product details and imported that in App.jsx and passing product details to that card using free api endpoint and maping the card component with the product detauls and we can see all product in card format on screen having Gradient border too :

- What i learned :
- React Props
- Component modularization and reusability
- Multicolor Gradient Border 

### Task 22

**Link:** [Task 22](https://task22-by-shreyas.netlify.app)

Task 22 Created Custom Hook to Fetch Data from an api endpoint and returning loading , data and error state and presentiong data on a card in ShowData component:

- What i learned :
- Custom hooks for data fetching and state management
- Handling asynchronous operations and side effects
- Component modularization and reusability

### Task 23

**Link:** [Task 22](https://task23-by-shreyas.netlify.app)

Task 23 Created Small multipage Website using React Hook Form to Hyperlink pages:

- What i learned :
- How to use react-hook-form
- Handling Routes and linking pages
- Creating a simple navigation menu 

### Task 24

**Link:** [Task 24](https://task34-by-shreyas.netlify.app)

Task 24 Created payment functionality to an online shoe store using React Context API:

- **What I Learned:**
  - How to use React Context API for state management
  - Managing navigation between shopping and payment pages
  - Setting up a user interface for handling cart contents and payment processing


### Task 26

**Link:** [Task 26](http://localhost:3000) (Note: This link will only work when running the server locally)

Created a basic web server using Node.js http module to handle different routes:

**What I Learned:**
- How to create a simple web server with Node.js
- Implementing basic routing to serve different HTML pages
- Handling 404 errors for invalid routes

**Screenshots:**
1. Home Page ("/home" or "/"):
   ![Home Page](/Task26/routes%20images/Home.png)

2. About Page ("/about"):
   ![About Page](/Task26/routes%20images/About.png)

3. Contact Page ("/contact"):
   ![Contact Page](/Task26/routes%20images/contact.png)

4. 404 Error Page:
   ![404 Error Page](/Task26/routes%20images/not_found.png)


### Task 29

**Link:**  
Frontend: [Task 29 Frontend](https://video-stream-frontend-lmzd59dg7.vercel.app)  
Backend: [Task 29 Backend](https://video-stream-backend-six.vercel.app)

Task 29 demonstrates video streaming using Node.js streams with Express.js and a React frontend.

- **What I Learned:**
  - Using **Node.js streams** for video streaming.
  - Serving video files with **Express.js**.
  - Integrating **React** for streaming and playback.

Commit message:

converted the app we made in previously for showing product cart component and we used react usecontext there now converted to React redux tool kit also implememted payment page and attached to the redux logic

readme.md, after:

# My Mern Stack Projects

This repository contains projects that i created during MERN Stack web development Course. Each project is hosted on Netlify for easy access , Explanation and what i learned from it.

## Projects Overview

### Task 20

**Link:** [Task 20](https://task20-by-shreyas.netlify.app)

Task 20 demonstrates the implementation of React+vite To Created Cart Page Component where you can add product to cart page select quantity and also see total cart peice:

- What i learned :
- Setting up a React+vite environment
- Creating and managing useState and UseEffect hooks
- Handling events and user inputs
- Basic styling with Tailwind CSS

### Task 21

**Link:** [Task 21](https://task21-by-shreyas.netlify.app)

Task 21 created a react+vite website and there i created component name card to show product details and imported that in App.jsx and passing product details to that card using free api endpoint and maping the card component with the product detauls and we can see all product in card format on screen having Gradient border too :

- What i learned :
- React Props
- Component modularization and reusability
- Multicolor Gradient Border 

### Task 22

**Link:** [Task 22](https://task22-by-shreyas.netlify.app)

Task 22 Created Custom Hook to Fetch Data from an api endpoint and returning loading , data and error state and presentiong data on a card in ShowData component:

- What i learned :
- Custom hooks for data fetching and state management
- Handling asynchronous operations and side effects
- Component modularization and reusability

### Task 23

**Link:** [Task 22](https://task23-by-shreyas.netlify.app)

Task 23 Created Small multipage Website using React Hook Form to Hyperlink pages:

- What i learned :
- How to use react-hook-form
- Handling Routes and linking pages
- Creating a simple navigation menu 

### Task 24

**Link:** [Task 24](https://task34-by-shreyas.netlify.app)

Task 24 Created payment functionality to an online shoe store using React Context API:

- **What I Learned:**
  - How to use React Context API for state management
  - Managing navigation between shopping and payment pages
  - Setting up a user interface for handling cart contents and payment processing



### Task 25

**Link:** [Task 25](https://task25-by-shreyas.netlify.app/)

Task 25 Created an Online Shoe Store using Redux Toolkit for state management:

- **What I Learned:**
   - How to implement Redux Toolkit in a React application
   - Managing global state with slices and reducers
   - Creating a shopping cart with add, remove, and update functionality
   - Implementing a checkout process with Redux


### Task 26

**Link:** [Task 26](http://localhost:3000) (Note: This link will only work when running the server locally)

Created a basic web server using Node.js http module to handle different routes:

**What I Learned:**
- How to create a simple web server with Node.js
- Implementing basic routing to serve different HTML pages
- Handling 404 errors for invalid routes

**Screenshots:**
1. Home Page ("/home" or "/"):
   ![Home Page](/Task26/routes%20images/Home.png)

2. About Page ("/about"):
   ![About Page](/Task26/routes%20images/About.png)

3. Contact Page ("/contact"):
   ![Contact Page](/Task26/routes%20images/contact.png)

4. 404 Error Page:
   ![404 Error Page](/Task26/routes%20images/not_found.png)


### Task 29

**Link:**  
Frontend: [Task 29 Frontend](https://video-stream-frontend-lmzd59dg7.vercel.app)  
Backend: [Task 29 Backend](https://video-stream-backend-six.vercel.app)

Task 29 demonstrates video streaming using Node.js streams with Express.js and a React frontend.

- **What I Learned:**
  - Using **Node.js streams** for video streaming.
  - Serving video files with **Express.js**.
  - Integrating **React** for streaming and playback.
